Wampserver - Wamp stands for Windows Apache MySQL PHP, it's a program that lets you run a server for testing/development of code
that would normally require a configured web server to work.

Installing and configuring of wampserver

wampserver: http://www.wampserver.com/en/
Click the download link, there's an option to download directly at the end of the first paragraph.
Download and install.
It will ask you what browser and text editor you want to use as default during install I recommend changing both to something else.

Once installed:
In the system tray will be a big W icon, left click and select www directory.
In the folder that opened create a new directory - I named mine: intpro2
You'll be using this directory a lot so it may be worthwhile creating a shortcut for this folder
    Right click the folder and select create shortcut, drag the shortcut wherever is easiest for you.
	
Open up the folder you created and right click the address bar and then select copy address as text.

Left click the Wamp icon in the system tray again and select Localhost or open up your web browser and type in localhost.

This is the Wamp splash page, at the bottom middle you should see the project you created earlier.
Click Add a Virtual Host at the very bottom left
    Give it a name
	Paste in the absolute path that you copied earlier.
	Click Start the creat... Button.
	
This time Right click the wamp icon in the system tray, hover over tools and select Restart DNS
The Wamp icon changes colour then goes back to green.

Now if you type in the name of your project into the browser (intpro2 for me) it will open the folder and treat it as a website.
    There's nothing in there currently so it won't do anything.
	
It's all installed/configured now. 

You can access phpmyadmin through the system tray or the wamp splash screen

Default login is username: root (with no password by default)

------------------------------------------------------

Github - makes it far easier to collaborate on a project. Can be quite confusing at first but it's fairly simple when you get used to it.

If you don't have an account already go to: https://github.com/ and create an account.

Tell me your github username so I can add you as a collaborator, an email will be sent to you inviting you to join the repository.

Download and install: https://desktop.github.com/ Login using the github account you just created.

In github desktop click File, then Clone a repository, click the URL tab.

Repository URL: https://github.com/markonline37/intpro2.git

Set the local path to the folder that you created for the wamp server (mine is C:\wamp64\www\intpro2)

Click Clone - takes a bit.

Ok github is simple-ish to use: you may be better off googling how to use it exactly but I'll briefly describe it here.

The github client monitors the folder for any changes that you make, these changes are logged and shown in the github client.
If you make any changes, a changes tab will be open on github desktop - 
you need to give the changes a meaningful name (like: "Started login functionality", and there's an optional description that can be filled out)

Changes are commited, which updates whatever branch you are working on.
But changes are only shared with the rest of us when you push the changes (the tab saying push)

There's a master branch which is the main branch. 
So if we're working on something then we should be creating new branches:
Branch -> New Branch, give it a meaningful name and then click the publish branch button

Created branches can be merged with the master if the changes you are making are working properly and don't break functionality etc.

Using branches ensures there's always a working master and we all have the same files, just remember to commit and push any changes and give
everything a meaningful name. We can revert versions if something breaks etc.

Whenever we logon on and decide to work, we just open github and all of our files should be synced.